For this project we decided on doing checkers in the end. We first tried to implement
Pac-Man but we really struggled with trying to get the visualization of Pac-Man
in the web so we decided to go with checkers since it was much simpler to deal with 
visualization and then we could add more features to it than we could for Pac-Man.

To begin, we started with the implementation of the game logic and data structures to
use that would represent the game internally, for a basica Human v Human version of 
checkers. This didn't take too long since the logic of the pieces are all the same
either moving diagonally down or up the board or if a king either direction, and then
distinguishing between whose piece is whose, and if we were moving regularly or capturing
a piece. Finally determining if it was the end of a game or not. Our board was a 2D 
Array data structure of Tiles which were either empty or a piece with its logilal location
in the Array structure, its color, and whether it was a king or not. Then there was the
option of having two players or two bots since we want to be able to implement that, which
player's turn it currently is, the number of current moves, and then also if a Tile is
currently selected or not. Then we started making our rendering functions for the model
that elm does to render in the web.

We used the init, view, update, and subscriptions model. This is where we started actually
having a lot of issues. We added an area to the board that would take in sizing for the
pieces, the spots on the board, and the offset of the window size so we could accurately
read the clicks of the user and determine where in the Array we were looking. To get the 
offset of the table html tag we had to make port functions that would give us the offset.
The only issue was when we were rendering our index.html file in elm repl it would not
take into account the style changes for padding and was creating extra padding that we didn't
need that would mess up the clicking and where in the Array board we were. This was an issue
for so long until we stopped using elm repl and just opened the index file and then it was
able to see the changed to style that we wanted. After that we did a lot of visual testing
to make sure our game logic was actually correct and found some issues with the movement that
we fixed. Then we added more visual features to it to make it so we could distinguish pieces
selected, if a piece is a king, etc.

Lastly, some other features we implemented after the basic logic and clicking was set up. 
First was an indication of whether the game was over. Since the board was kept as a 2D 
array, funcionsw ere written to search over the board for one of two endgame situations: 
the current player has no pieces left, or no pieces to move. The first was simple to implement,
while the second took a bit more logic to search over potential moves. However, after implementing
logic for possible moves given a board position, it was relatively easy to implement the bot 
playmode. The bot's logic takes in all of the possible moves, and selects one to make. However,
the most difficult part of implementing the bot was not actually the logic, but the selector for
game mode. More details on the difficulties with Http inputs is outlined below; in the end,
the game mode was updated with messages to update the model's player1 and player2 state. If 
a player is a bot, the board state automatically updates with every click.

Overall, we struggled with trying to use some of the elm functions like HTML.events.getElement
which we wanted to use to try to get the offset of the table elment instead of using a port, because
we didn't get some of the types that were being used and it was confusing. Another thing was when we
switched to using ports, we would get type errors such as I wanted to get the x-offset of the table
as an Int, but since JavaScript has numbers I kept getting type errors even when I tried to make it a
number in elm, but it was not liking that, until I just made it a list of to get both the y and x
offset. That was not that fun to deal with the type differences with JavaScript. I think it would help
if elm had pretty good examples of using their functions for the HTML stuff, and not just one but a few
to see how people actually use it, because deciphering the types sometimes is confusing.

It was difficult to get inputs from forms and selectors, as examples found on the internet typically
relied on a Http request model. In addition, many resources found online were of past Html/Http 
packages in elm (such as from 1.0.0), which made it difficult to translate to the version of 
elm we were using. The Http elm manual page was a bit confusing to decipher, so after some failed 
attempts of requesting information about player names from forms, we opted to go with a simple 
drop-down selector. This immediately made the model much easier to update. 